# Overview

We have implemented way to backup and restore of whole environment.

To make backup/restore process very easy for Admin, this page is created.

From this page, Admin can see details of all Backup and Restore operation. If admin wants to to Restore any particular backup snapshot, he can do it by just clicking `Restore` action against the backup item.

Only users whose email is configured on server can access this page.

This page shows all updates in realtime.

## Entity

#### Type

It can be either `Backup` or `Restore`

#### Date

Date and Time when operation is started

#### Backup File

Name of the Backup file on server.

For Restore, it represents the Backup file name.

#### Status

Status can be one of the: `IN_PROGRESS`, `SUCCESS`, `FAILED`

Initial status is `IN_PROGRESS`. If operation fails due to any reason, its status is set to `FAILED`. If operation succeeds, its status is set to `COMPLETED`

#### Notes

A description about the Backup/Restore.

For Auto generated Backup at daily night, system sets description to `Auto Generated by System`. 

For Manual Backup, system allows user to enter description.

For the Backup which is auto generated before any restore operation, system sets description which is entered for Restore operation.

For Restore, system allows user to enter description.

User can add/edit this description anytime.



## TODO

- What happens if any other normal user (Whose email is not configured for admin page) access admin page via URL

- Backup file contains which data?
- Description should be mandatory or not?
- Do we need to differentiate auto generated or Manual backup?
- Edge case: What happens if any Manual backup/restore operation is in progress at the time of daily backup?